plugged/nvim-miniyank/README.md, before:

# nvim-miniyank

The killring-alike plugin with no default mappings.

# Usage

Use recent neovim. Yanks and deletes will be detected using `TextYankPost` autocommand, so no mappings for these actions are needed.
The yank history is shared between nvim instances.

There is two different mappings for starting to put from the history.
To remap `p`, "autoput" mapping should be used. This will first put the same text as unmapped "p" would have, and still support `"xp` and `clipboard=unnamed[plus]`:

    map p <Plug>(miniyank-autoput)
    map P <Plug>(miniyank-autoPut)

"startput" will directly put the most recent item in the shared history:

    map <leader>p <Plug>(miniyank-startput)
    map <leader>P <Plug>(miniyank-startPut)

Right after a put, use "cycle" to go back through history:

    map <leader>n <Plug>(miniyank-cycle)

Maybe the register type was wrong? Well, you can change it after putting:

    map <Leader>c <Plug>(miniyank-tochar)
    map <Leader>l <Plug>(miniyank-toline)
    map <Leader>b <Plug>(miniyank-toblock)

# clipboard=unnamed register type fixing
Currently neovim doesn't have support for register types in the clipboard. This makes blockwise yanking and putting broken when `clipboard=unnamed` or `unnamedplus` is used. When this option is set, and "p" is mapped to "autoput" mappings as suggested above, this plugin will try to _correct_ the register type when an unnamed paste is done. It uses heuristics that _at least_ will work if you yank blockwise and then immediately paste unnamed in the same or another nvim instance.

Of course, regardless if `clipboard=unnamed` is set or not, you can always do the correct paste using a "startPut" mapping, or cycling one step back in history when needed.

# Throttling of big unnamed deletes

The plugin tries to avoid unnecessary copying on unnamed deletes (`d` or `c` with no preceeding `"x`). Unnamed deletes with more than `g:miniyank_delete_maxlines` (default 1000) will be ignored. To force yanking, just add a register name, like `""d` or `"*d`.

# Denite source

If Denite is installed, the yank history can be displayed using `:Denite miniyank`

# FAQ

## It doesn't work!

make sure `$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR` is set to a directory that exists.

## Is python3 required?

Python is only required for the optional Denite source. The rest of the plugin is pure vimscript.

## How do I cycle backwards?

use `g-`

## 10 items? That is not close to be enough!

How about

    let g:miniyank_maxitems = 100

## It doesn't persist across reboots!

Sigh, just why? Okay, do

    let g:miniyank_filename = $HOME."/.miniyank.mpack"

Commit message:

Update nvim-miniyank to 67992af42b412d6e123a93840ce1aafe70aeb410

plugged/nvim-miniyank/README.md, after:

# nvim-miniyank

The killring-alike plugin with no default mappings.

Works in neovim, as well as vim with lua enabled and patch 8.0.1394.

# Usage

Yanks and deletes will be detected using `TextYankPost` autocommand, so no mappings for these actions are needed.
The yank history is shared between [n]vim instances.

There is two different mappings for starting to put from the history.
To remap `p`, "autoput" mapping should be used. This will first put the same text as unmapped "p" would have, and still support `"xp` and `clipboard=unnamed[plus]`:

    map p <Plug>(miniyank-autoput)
    map P <Plug>(miniyank-autoPut)

"startput" will directly put the most recent item in the shared history:

    map <leader>p <Plug>(miniyank-startput)
    map <leader>P <Plug>(miniyank-startPut)

Right after a put, use "cycle" to go back through history:

    map <leader>n <Plug>(miniyank-cycle)

Maybe the register type was wrong? Well, you can change it after putting:

    map <Leader>c <Plug>(miniyank-tochar)
    map <Leader>l <Plug>(miniyank-toline)
    map <Leader>b <Plug>(miniyank-toblock)

# clipboard=unnamed register type fixing
Currently neovim doesn't have support for register types in the clipboard. This makes blockwise yanking and putting broken when `clipboard=unnamed` or `unnamedplus` is used. When this option is set, and "p" is mapped to "autoput" mappings as suggested above, this plugin will try to _correct_ the register type when an unnamed paste is done. It uses heuristics that _at least_ will work if you yank blockwise and then immediately paste unnamed in the same or another nvim instance.

Of course, regardless if `clipboard=unnamed` is set or not, you can always do the correct paste using a "startPut" mapping, or cycling one step back in history when needed.

# Throttling of big unnamed deletes

The plugin tries to avoid unnecessary copying on unnamed deletes (`d` or `c` with no preceeding `"x`). Unnamed deletes with more than `g:miniyank_delete_maxlines` (default 1000) will be ignored. To force yanking, just add a register name, like `""d` or `"*d`.

# Denite source

If Denite is installed, the yank history can be displayed using `:Denite miniyank`

# FAQ

## Does it work in vim 8?

Yes, if lua is enabled and patch 8.0.1394 is included, which is very recent at time of writing. (Lua is not really intrinsically needed. One day I might implement the small necessary subset of msgpack directly in vimscript.)

## It doesn't work!

make sure `$XDG_RUNTIME_DIR` is set to a directory that exists.

## Is python3 required?

Python is only required for the optional Denite source. The rest of the plugin is pure vimscript.

## How do I cycle backwards?

use `g-`

## 10 items? That is not close to be enough!

How about

    let g:miniyank_maxitems = 100

## It doesn't persist across reboots!

Sigh, just why? Okay, do

    let g:miniyank_filename = $HOME."/.miniyank.mpack"
