plugged/vim-tmux-focus-events/README.md, before:

# tmux-focus-events.vim

`FocusGained` and `FocusLost` autocommand events are not working
in terminal vim. This plugin restores them when using vim inside Tmux.

Here's where that matters:

- [vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive) plugin uses
  `FocusGained` for refreshing git branch in status line
- [vim-gitgutter](https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter) uses `FocusGained`
  for refreshing ... (wait for it) git gutter
- (get in touch if you know other popular plugins that get improved)

Also, `vim-tmux-focus-events` makes the
[autoread](http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/options.html#'autoread')
option work properly for terminal vim. So far, this was only working in a GUI
version.

The `autoread` feature comes handy when files are changed outside vim, for
example when resolving merge conflicts. When you come back to vim and try saving
a changed file you'll likely be interrupted with
[E813](http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/editing.html#E813):

![vim E813](/vim_e813.png)

Improved `autoread` prevents this by automatically reading a file from disk
if it was changed. Works only if `autoread` option is set (enable it with
`set autoread` in `.vimrc`).

### Installation & Configuration

#### Vim plugin installation

* Vundle<br/>
`Plugin 'tmux-plugins/vim-tmux-focus-events'`

* vim-plug<br/>
`Plug 'tmux-plugins/vim-tmux-focus-events'`

* Pathogen<br/>
`git clone git://github.com/tmux-plugins/vim-tmux-focus-events.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-tmux-focus-events`

#### Tmux configuration

In order for Tmux to do its magic `focus-events` option has to be set to `on`.

Enable that by installing
[tmux-sensible](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tmux-sensible) plugin, or
by setting this line in `tmux.conf`:

    set -g focus-events on

### Testing

Tested and working on:

- OS X
  - Terminal.app
  - iTerm2

- Linux
  - GNOME Terminal
  - Terminator
  - XTerm
  - Konsole

Not working with NeoVim.

### Usage

Once installed, the plugin should "just work".

It will have no effect when running GUI vim or inside plain terminal
(without Tmux).

### Other goodies

- [vim-tmux](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/vim-tmux) - vim plugin for
  `tmux.conf`
- [tmux-resurrect](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tmux-resurrect) - restore
  tmux environment after system restart

You might want to follow [@brunosutic](https://twitter.com/brunosutic) on
twitter if you want to hear about new tmux plugins or feature updates.

### Credits

Big chunk of code was taken and adapted from
[vitality.vim](https://github.com/sjl/vitality.vim).

### Other

In April 2013
[a patch was submitted](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/vim_dev/ASn8QqQqVe0)
to vim_dev mailing list that enables this functionality natively in vim.
Once merged, the functionality from the patch will make this plugin obsolete. I
hope that day comes soon.

### Licence

[MIT](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Update vim-tmux-focus-events to 3743ba76d74dd0d37f031a9ea5e7ea0fa822423f

plugged/vim-tmux-focus-events/README.md, after:

# tmux-focus-events.vim

`FocusGained` and `FocusLost` autocommand events are not working
in terminal vim. This plugin restores them when using vim inside Tmux.

Here's where that matters:

- [vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive) plugin uses
  `FocusGained` for refreshing git branch in status line
- [vim-gitgutter](https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter) uses `FocusGained`
  for refreshing ... (wait for it) git gutter
- [vim-tmux-clipboard](https://github.com/roxma/vim-tmux-focus-events) uses
    `FocusGained` and `FocusLost` for refreshing clipboard.
- (get in touch if you know other popular plugins that get improved)

Also, `vim-tmux-focus-events` makes the
[autoread](http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/options.html#'autoread')
option work properly for terminal vim. So far, this was only working in a GUI
version.

The `autoread` feature comes handy when files are changed outside vim, for
example when resolving merge conflicts. When you come back to vim and try saving
a changed file you'll likely be interrupted with
[E813](http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/editing.html#E813):

![vim E813](/vim_e813.png)

Improved `autoread` prevents this by automatically reading a file from disk
if it was changed. Works only if `autoread` option is set (enable it with
`set autoread` in `.vimrc`).

### Installation & Configuration

#### Vim plugin installation

* Vundle<br/>
`Plugin 'tmux-plugins/vim-tmux-focus-events'`

* vim-plug<br/>
`Plug 'tmux-plugins/vim-tmux-focus-events'`

* Pathogen<br/>
`git clone git://github.com/tmux-plugins/vim-tmux-focus-events.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-tmux-focus-events`

#### Tmux configuration

In order for Tmux to do its magic `focus-events` option has to be set to `on`.

Enable that by installing
[tmux-sensible](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tmux-sensible) plugin, or
by setting this line in `tmux.conf`:

    set -g focus-events on

### Testing

Tested and working on:

- OS X
  - Terminal.app
  - iTerm2

- Linux
  - GNOME Terminal
  - Terminator
  - XTerm
  - Konsole

Not working with NeoVim.

### Usage

Once installed, the plugin should "just work".

It will have no effect when running GUI vim or inside plain terminal
(without Tmux).

### Other goodies

- [vim-tmux](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/vim-tmux) - vim plugin for
  `tmux.conf`
- [tmux-resurrect](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tmux-resurrect) - restore
  tmux environment after system restart

You might want to follow [@brunosutic](https://twitter.com/brunosutic) on
twitter if you want to hear about new tmux plugins or feature updates.

### Credits

Big chunk of code was taken and adapted from
[vitality.vim](https://github.com/sjl/vitality.vim).

### Other

In April 2013
[a patch was submitted](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/vim_dev/ASn8QqQqVe0)
to vim_dev mailing list that enables this functionality natively in vim.
Once merged, the functionality from the patch will make this plugin obsolete. I
hope that day comes soon.

### Licence

[MIT](LICENSE.md)
