plugged/vim-javascript/README.md, before:

# vim-javascript

JavaScript bundle for vim, this bundle provides syntax highlighting and
improved indentation.


## Installation

### Install with [pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen)

      git clone https://github.com/pangloss/vim-javascript.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-javascript

alternatively, use a package manager like [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug)


## Configuration Variables

The following variables control certain syntax highlighting plugins. You can
add them to your `.vimrc` to enable their features.

-----------------

```
let g:javascript_plugin_jsdoc = 1
```

Enables syntax highlighting for [JSDocs](http://usejsdoc.org/).

Default Value: 0

-----------------

```
let g:javascript_plugin_ngdoc = 1
```

Enables some additional syntax highlighting for NGDocs. Requires JSDoc plugin
to be enabled as well.

Default Value: 0

-----------------

```
let g:javascript_plugin_flow = 1
```

Enables syntax highlighting for [Flow](https://flowtype.org/).

Default Value: 0

-----------------

```
set foldmethod=syntax
```

Enables code folding based on our syntax file.

Please note this can have a dramatic effect on performance and because it is a
global vim option, we do not set it ourselves.


## Concealing Characters

You can customize concealing characters, if your font provides the glyph you want, by defining one or more of the following
variables:

    let g:javascript_conceal_function             = "ƒ"
    let g:javascript_conceal_null                 = "ø"
    let g:javascript_conceal_this                 = "@"
    let g:javascript_conceal_return               = "⇚"
    let g:javascript_conceal_undefined            = "¿"
    let g:javascript_conceal_NaN                  = "ℕ"
    let g:javascript_conceal_prototype            = "¶"
    let g:javascript_conceal_static               = "•"
    let g:javascript_conceal_super                = "Ω"
    let g:javascript_conceal_arrow_function       = "⇒"
    let g:javascript_conceal_noarg_arrow_function = "🞅"
    let g:javascript_conceal_underscore_arrow_function = "🞅"


You can enable concealing within VIM with:

    set conceallevel=1

OR if you wish to toggle concealing you may wish to bind a command such as the following which will map `<LEADER>l` (leader is usually the `\` key) to toggling conceal mode:

    map <leader>l :exec &conceallevel ? "set conceallevel=0" : "set conceallevel=1"<CR>


## Indentation Specific

* `:h cino-:`
* `:h cino-=`
* `:h cino-star`
* `:h cino-(`
* `:h cino-w`
* `:h cino-W`
* `:h cino-U`
* `:h cino-m`
* `:h cino-M`
* `:h 'indentkeys'`

## Contributing

Please follow the general code style
guides (read the code) and in your pull request explain the reason for the
proposed change and how it is valuable. All p.r.'s will be reviewed by a
maintainer(s) then, hopefully, merged.

Thank you!


## License

Distributed under the same terms as Vim itself. See `:help license`.

Commit message:

Update vim-javascript to 4bd734e3bc188efca2002c1d2391c53918379e28

plugged/vim-javascript/README.md, after:

# vim-javascript

JavaScript bundle for vim, this bundle provides syntax highlighting and
improved indentation.


## Installation

### Install with [pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen)

      git clone https://github.com/pangloss/vim-javascript.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-javascript

alternatively, use a package manager like [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug)


## Configuration Variables

The following variables control certain syntax highlighting plugins. You can
add them to your `.vimrc` to enable their features.

-----------------

```
let g:javascript_plugin_jsdoc = 1
```

Enables syntax highlighting for [JSDocs](http://usejsdoc.org/).

Default Value: 0

-----------------

```
let g:javascript_plugin_ngdoc = 1
```

Enables some additional syntax highlighting for NGDocs. Requires JSDoc plugin
to be enabled as well.

Default Value: 0

-----------------

```
let g:javascript_plugin_flow = 1
```

Enables syntax highlighting for [Flow](https://flowtype.org/).

Default Value: 0

-----------------

```vim
augroup javascript_folding
    au!
    au FileType javascript setlocal foldmethod=syntax
augroup END
```

Enables code folding for javascript based on our syntax file.

Please note this can have a dramatic effect on performance.


## Concealing Characters

You can customize concealing characters, if your font provides the glyph you want, by defining one or more of the following
variables:

    let g:javascript_conceal_function             = "ƒ"
    let g:javascript_conceal_null                 = "ø"
    let g:javascript_conceal_this                 = "@"
    let g:javascript_conceal_return               = "⇚"
    let g:javascript_conceal_undefined            = "¿"
    let g:javascript_conceal_NaN                  = "ℕ"
    let g:javascript_conceal_prototype            = "¶"
    let g:javascript_conceal_static               = "•"
    let g:javascript_conceal_super                = "Ω"
    let g:javascript_conceal_arrow_function       = "⇒"
    let g:javascript_conceal_noarg_arrow_function = "🞅"
    let g:javascript_conceal_underscore_arrow_function = "🞅"


You can enable concealing within VIM with:

    set conceallevel=1

OR if you wish to toggle concealing you may wish to bind a command such as the following which will map `<LEADER>l` (leader is usually the `\` key) to toggling conceal mode:

    map <leader>l :exec &conceallevel ? "set conceallevel=0" : "set conceallevel=1"<CR>


## Indentation Specific

* `:h cino-:`
* `:h cino-=`
* `:h cino-star`
* `:h cino-(`
* `:h cino-w`
* `:h cino-W`
* `:h cino-U`
* `:h cino-m`
* `:h cino-M`
* `:h 'indentkeys'`

## Contributing

Please follow the general code style
guides (read the code) and in your pull request explain the reason for the
proposed change and how it is valuable. All p.r.'s will be reviewed by a
maintainer(s) then, hopefully, merged.

Thank you!


## License

Distributed under the same terms as Vim itself. See `:help license`.
